# Events

- October 2022
  - October 7, 2022 ~20:00: (CNTX) Kelvin hears from his mother for the last time while he is in Des Moines, IA.  Kelvin’s mother, Patricia Ann Williams, made it a habit of calling Kelvin every day when he was traveling and after every flight.  No more calls were received by Kelvin for the duration of the trip or after landing in Atlanta.
  - October 8, 2022 ~22:00: (CNTX) Kelvin notices an addition to a piece of artwork hanging in the Des Moines AirBNB that depicts his mother’s head and a pool of blood.  Multiple calls to his mother and sister go unanswered.
  - October 9, 2022 ~08:00: (CNTX) Kelvin contacts the Des Moines Police Department to have a welfare check performed for his mother and sister.  The responding officer suggests taking down the abstract artwork and hiding it in the closet.  No welfare check was requested.  The officer offers to take Kelvin to the hospital for an evaluation.
  - (NOOP) After returning to Atlanta, there was a two or three day time period where Kelvin could not send Katrina a text message. This failure is common during the LNP porting process which suggests the Phantom Identity Scheme was being set up and the number being ported away to the chosen carrier for Phantom Identity Scheme.
  - (Divine) The Creator provided a Divine Death Notification for Patricia Ann Crawley-Rogers Williams to Kelvin.
  - (Divine) The Creator provided a Divine Death Notification for Katrina Renee Duvall to Kelvin.
  - (CNTX) Kelvin exchanges text messages with individuals claiming to be his mother and sister who failed to answer questions that only they would know.
- November 18, 2024
  - (CNTX) Kelvin relocated to Welcome House after a murder in his apartment at Phoenix House.
- December 2024
  - (CNTX) Slim moves into the Welcome House from Phoenix House using the victim's murder as the reason he had to move.  After moving into Welcome House Slim cited several reasons why he didn't want to sleep in his room and would sleep on the floor in Kelvin's.  When Kelvin would go to sleep Slim would utilize the Hypnos Infiltration Method to engage in direct communication with Baby.  Slim became the primary handler/manipulator for Baby.
- October 1, 2025
  - (CNTX) The federal government shutdown begins (Golden Rope operations slow or cease).
- September 15, 2025
  - 09:00: (PDSM) Eviction hearing at Fulton County Magistrate Court. Baby-drove the decision to lay back down at 07:00, then initiated sleep causing him to oversleep and miss the court hearing. Welcome House management won by default and obtained a writ of possession.
- November 4, 2025
  - ~12:00: (CNTX) Kelvin found that he could set up a LinkedIn account without a phone number when using his Google account. He created an account, set up his profile, then checked his sister's profile for recent activity and found activity within the past two months. Subsequently, he e-mailed her current employer (according to the profile) and asked for her to contact him (a Baby-driven decision).
  - ~16:00: (CNTX) Kelvin returned to Welcome House to find that the Marshals had come and evicted numerous residents, though he was not included. The Marshals acted as described to Kelvin: they sit on Welcome House evictions until they accumulate a certain number or the writ date nears expiration, then execute the evictions in one batch. Welcome House is the center of the Golden Rope, suggesting they likely needed him there during these orchestrations.
- November 5, 2025
  - ~09:30: (PDSM) Kelvin sent a text message to his mother's phone number and received a response. He told her that he would contact her in an hour after he ran an errand (a Baby-driven decision).
  - 09:30: (OROB) Kelvin left his apartment to find Eddie in the hallway who turned around and told him that “they kicked out 15 people yesterday”.  Kelvin found it odd because he found Eddie looking out the window, having only seen him in that corner of the second floor once before when he was coming to his apartment. Eddie left the floor after telling Kelvin about the evictions, which suggests he was on the floor to conduct an observation in an Orchestrated Observation.
  - ~11:00: (CNTX) Kelvin re-established contact by text with the person impersonating his mother and had a voice call with her. The call was the first since October 2022, but lasted only 5 minutes and was superficial. His mother would have had many questions, and the call should have lasted at least thirty minutes. To test if it were really his mother (by her reaction), Kelvin asked for some money. She replied she could only send $100 and would put some in the mail. Kelvin told her that was “plenty,” but he didn't trust the mail there and suggested MoneyGram at CVS; she responded it would take a couple of hours. The initial ask for money followed by demanding CVS instead of the mail within a five-minute span should have earned Kelvin a scolding, but she was happy to send the money.
  - ~11:15: (OROB) Kelvin found Eddie talking to someone through the hallway window on the second floor near Kelvin’s apartment, Kelvin didn’t say anything and left unnoticed. Eddie’s second visit in one day suggests he was conducting an observation in an Orchestrated Observation.
  - ~13:00: (CNTX) The impersonator contacted Kelvin again, stating she was having trouble at CVS. Kelvin called back to clarify what she needed to do. The CVS employee began the transaction but then asked the impersonator for a photo ID. She called Kelvin back, stating she didn't want to show it because they would steal her information for identity theft. Kelvin suggested she go to Western Union at the nearby Kroger, and she said she would. Asking Kelvin's mother to go to Western Union after the mail offer, the MoneyGram demand, and the cancelled MoneyGram transaction would have definitely resulted in a "No."
  - ~13:10: (CNTX) The impersonator contacted Kelvin back from inside the Kroger, where the Western Union transaction was already underway. Kelvin confirmed the answers required to send the transaction, and moments later she provided him with the MTCN 018-946-6152. He left the Central Library a few minutes later, heading towards Publix on North Avenue to pick up the Western Union.
  - ~14:00: (CREAM) Kelvin picked up the $150 Western Union and sent a text message confirming its receipt and thanks. This was likely a Controlled Enablement Grant, securing Baby's compliance in the upcoming Orchestrated Observation later that evening.
  - ~14:15: (PDSM) Kelvin stopped at Cloud9 on North Avenue and purchased an oil burner and torch. The cost was considerably higher than other known stores (a Baby-driven decision).
  - ~17:00: (OROB) Kelvin encountered Eddid Williams again on the second floor near his apartment door, this time Eddie was apparently talking to another resident through their closed door.  Eddie’s third visit to the corner of the second floor suggests he was performing an observation in an Orchestrated Observation.
  - ~17:30: (PDSM) Kelvin changed clothes and put on a pair of grey sweats without underwear (a Baby-driven decision).
  - ~19:15: (SURV) Kelvin returned the torch to Cloud 9. He was immediately helped by one of the store clerks who took about 10 minutes to decide to replace it. By "testing" other torches of the same model, he referenced activity that occurred when the torch stopped working properly, specifically that Kelvin had followed Google Gemini suggestions for improvement—emptying and refilling the tank twice. This was done in response to Kelvin's stated reason for the return: "it worked for five seconds" and quit. The other person behind the counter made reference to "having video."
  - ~19:30: (PDSM) After leaving Cloud 9, Kelvin walked to Taylor's "spot" at the old Atlanta Eagle/Kodak buildings at 306 Ponce de Leon Avenue to see if he was there. Kelvin yelled for Taylor a few times from the parking lot but got no response. He climbed onto the back patio to sit when Taylor and a male friend appeared on the deck; the friend left immediately. Kelvin asked Taylor what they were doing, and he replied, "he was showing his cock" (interpreted as coded Direct Subconscious Communication). This seemed like direct communication with Baby. Kelvin observed that the back patio's fencing had been removed, and practically all of the previously strewn personal items and furniture were gone. 
  - ~19:35: (DSCC) Taylor engaged in direct communication with Baby practically the entire time, using senseless phrases and incomplete sentences interlaced with instructions and suggestions repeated in an obviously designed and structured pattern. Taylor acts as though he is mentally ill to obscure the utterings, but it is an obvious act to Kelvin. 
  - ~19:45: (DSCC) Taylor suggested they leave to find marijuana. In preparation to go, he picked up a fashionable, brightly colored jacket. When complimented, he showed his right shoulder and said, "Got my patch today." The patch was a circle with an unreadable outer ring and a large "75" in the center (interpreted as 7.5" for Jacobsen's Ladder). The jacket was one of the few personal items on the deck. Taylor showed Kelvin the easiest way off the deck, and when he looked down at his path, he found a card wallet with a money clip. When he picked it up, Taylor said, "It's Steve Madden." The wallet was new, atypical for items found in homeless encampments. It is similar to the wallet stolen when Kelvin's Driver's License and birth certificate were taken. Kelvin kept and began using the wallet; it was another one of the few personal items on the deck. As they started walking north up Argonne Ave NE, Taylor continued engaging in direct communication with Baby. After realizing this, Kelvin decided to interrupt and educate him on Baby, its ability to direct his thoughts and be the sole controller of the body, and Baby's complete lack of critical thought skills. Taylor would sometimes parrot back keywords or terms Kelvin used while discussing Baby. Taylor would interrupt Kelvin's discussion about Baby and repeatedly provide reward in the form of praise, which Baby processes as data. Any attention Baby gets causes it to seek more, ensuring it maintains the active manipulation of physiology to diminish the phenotype. No acknowledgment was made when Kelvin told him directly how much pain they've brought to him using Baby this way, not even keyword parroting. The Clothing & Appearance Protocol was commented on by Taylor several times, once as if he were talking about it with someone else (discussing Kelvin's clothing). Additional reward and comments came in the form of, "you're small, I’m a monster" from Taylor. To Baby, its value is directly tied to Kelvin's failures; negative or potentially negative interaction is considered a failure. Baby treats each interaction as a rewarding event. 
  - ~20:00: (OROB) They entered Piedmont Park from the 10th Street entrance and began crossing. They sat at a picnic table for about 10 minutes, during which Taylor said to Baby something to the effect of, "I just need you [Baby] to get me that [great] chain." The walk through Piedmont Park was paused by Taylor just behind the building parallel to Piedmont inside the 12th Street entrance. A gay Black male passed them, went about 25 feet, and turned around (as if cruising); upon passing again, he commented "seven" (as in seven inches of estimated length of Kelvin’s penis), and Taylor was then unknowingly observed physically expressing celebration. Several conversations by other observers along the commute to MARTA Midtown featured/spoke the number seven when within earshot. Taylor and Kelvin separated, and Kelvin entered the MARTA Midtown station for the commute back to Welcome House.
  - ~22:30: (SURV) Kelvin arrived at Welcome House. Joe came over about 45 minutes later to check in on him, using coded communications. He commented on the lack of Menthol cigarette butts in the butts obtained from Embassy Suites. He left, stating he was going to lock his door, but didn't return for at least 30 minutes. 
  - ~22:35 (DSCC) Joe returned briefly to let Kelvin know that he had been stopped by N.O. who was "bringing a TV to my room." This was one of several "TV" direct communications with Baby. A "TV" is a penis that measures 10" or more. Kelvin interpreted this direct communication to ensure compliance. Joe returned around 0500 and at one point seemed to just say out loud, "I’m [Joe] the TV" comment. He made a "needing a Viagra" direct communication and repeated it multiple times, coded as a question about the street supply-demand of Viagra, and asking his case manager for a prescription because of his trapped/compressed nerve in his back.
- November 7, 2025
  - ~15:00: (CREAM) Slim stopped Kelvin as he was coming downstairs at the Welcome House and asked if he had a bowl. Kelvin told him yes, and Slim asked if he could come to his room. This was the first time they'd exchanged words other than passing insults. Kelvin went to his room, and Slim loaded the bowl to smoke and passed it to him. Kelvin asked Slim if he had any to sell; he replied in the affirmative, and when Kelvin said he only had $5, Slim offered a large amount for $5. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
  - ~16:00: (CREAM) Joe left $5 with Kelvin to buy some T and returned to his room. Joe told Kelvin that he saw Gene in the TV room (not where Kelvin has ever seen Gene). Kelvin was reluctant to go to Gene without more money, as he had been told earlier there was a "dub minimum" ($20). Joe returned, opened the door to ask if Kelvin was OK, and got ice. Kelvin then went to Gene's room, knocked on his door, and got no answer, then heard him on the third floor. Kelvin asked him if he would part with $5 worth of ice. He sold Kelvin $5 worth. It seemed that Gene was returning to his room when Kelvin was knocking, as if he were waiting for him in the TV room. After Kelvin returned to the room, he let Joe know he had the ice. Kelvin had to return a second time to remind him he wanted to smoke. Joe came over and took a negligible piece of T, putting the rest in the bowl for Kelvin to have. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
- November 8, 2025
  - ~15:00: (CREAM) Joe came to the door with $20 and told Kelvin to "get a dime of weed and a dime of ice (cream)," adding that he had seen Gene in the television room on the first floor earlier. Kelvin went to Gene's room and picked up the product. Upon returning, Joe loaded the bowl with a sizable amount of cream and then returned to his room. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
- November 9, 2025
  - ~01:00: (PDSM) Baby initiated sleep with a rapid induction that caused Kelvin to prepare for bed very quickly and haphazardly.
  - ~04:00: (PDSM) Baby upon instruction initiated physiological functions and body movements that resulted in a life-threatening event that woke Kelvin from sleep.  Kelvin felt very faint (even though laying down), began begging for something to drink, then moaned in discomfort momentarily.  The Creator's direct intervention prevented what would have otherwise been a death. 
  - 17:30: (CREAM) Kelvin went to Joe's room and asked him if he had any weed (a Baby-driven decision). Joe came out of his room, closed the door, and secretly handed Kelvin a $20, telling him to get "a dime of weed and a dime of cream" from Gene. Kelvin was unable to locate Gene, so he returned to his room. This was likely an enticement for Baby.
  - 18:00: (DSCC) Joe came to Kelvin's room and asked him to get four cigarettes. Kelvin went to the store in 192 and found it closed (the resident didn't answer). He then went back by Gene's room; he was available, and Kelvin purchased the weed and cream as instructed earlier. On the way back to his room, he encountered Eddie and asked him if he could sell any cigarettes; he replied negatively but said he could get Kelvin some. Kelvin told him he would just go to 192, and he informed Kelvin that he (192) was not in his room. Eddie told Kelvin he could get Newports. Kelvin told him he needed the $0.50 cigarettes, and he walked off with the $2.50 Joe had given him. After a couple of minutes, he returned with 5 Newport 100's, keeping one, and told Kelvin he is the only one who can get that from his "uncle." Newport is the premium brand of cigarettes and sells for $1 each at Welcome House.
  - ~18:10: (DSCC) Kelvin returned to his room, and Joe was still waiting for him inside. He told him he was successful and about the Newport deal, handing him the 4 Newport 100s. He laid the weed and cream on the bed. Baby initiated severe jaw pain because it needed to talk. After asking out loud what it needed to say, Baby said, "I don't have anything left to do." Joe cleared his throat. Joe gave Kelvin a small piece of cream and a small amount of weed, then said, "I’m probably going to do the same thing I did last night and pass out." Joe then left the room.
  - ~18:30: (PDSM) While ingesting cream, Kelvin began feeling increasingly very drowsy, the way he does when Baby is doing a rapid sleep induction. He told Baby, "you're probably too early for that" (referencing Joe's "pass out" comment/instruction).
  - ~19:00: (DSCC) Kelvin began having trouble connecting to the WiFI, so he asked Joe (through the door) if he would turn on his hotspot; he replied in the affirmative. Kelvin returned to his room to re-connect. Joe then knocked on Kelvin's door. Joe told Kelvin he was essentially hiding the drugs from N.O. and was going to tell him that he got some cream from Kelvin for turning on his hotspot. He then produced a bag of cream, took out a small amount, and returned the bag to his pocket. Baby initiated severe jaw pain again. Kelvin asked out loud what Baby wanted now, and it said, "What time am I supposed to start?" Joe cleared his throat and acted as if he was ignoring Kelvin's interaction with Baby and its question. Just a moment later, Joe produced a roll of quarters and gave Kelvin $2, asking him if he "could get four cigarettes" whenever he went downstairs again. Kelvin interpreted his question as a direct response to Baby to initiate sleep ("pass out") at 04:00, as Joe left. 
  - ~19:30: (CNTX) Kelvin took four cigarettes that he purchased outside to Joe, who gave him one. 
- November 10, 2025
  - 04:00: (CNTX) Kelvin maintained awareness through the planned and communicated Hypnos Infiltration Method session.
  - 15:00: (DSCC) Kelvin went to Joe's room. While there, Joe made several comments Kelvin interpreted as direct communication to Baby, scolding it about its recent failures regarding Kelvin's knowledge of the impersonated mother and the life-threatening event initiated by Baby on November 9, 2025. The comments included: "you would think that as I got older I would have known that my parents were a red-light district in Sweden!", "you’re not supposed to be making noises and crying, my finger prints are all over the place in there" and "you better think about killing yourself, cause I’m thinking of killing you."
  - (CNTX): Kelvin found one of Joe’s walking canes on top of a pile of clothes in his room.
- November 12, 2025
  - (CNTX) The federal government shutdown ends (Golden Rope operations appear to increase).
  - 10:30: (PDSM) Kelvin departed Immaculate Conception Catholic church to return to Welcome House. Baby caused more pain, demanding to talk. Baby said out loud, "I don't have anyone helping me," and later continued that someone needed to take the backpack in a way that Kelvin couldn't prevent it.
  - 10:50: (PDSM) Baby demanded that Kelvin tell Joe that it didn’t have anyone helping it and Kelvin informed Baby that wouldn't be happening.
- November 13, 2025
  - 11:25: (CNTX) Kelvin encountered Slim, who inquired if he had any cream. Kelvin responded in the negative.
  - 14:30: (CNTX) Kelvin encountered Slim again, who inquired if he had acquired any cream, then assisted him in finding Gene. Slim came to Kelvin's room to hit the bowl.
November 14, 2025
  - 01:30: (CNTX) Kelvin came out into the stairwell to get a better wifi signal, seconds later Slim entered the stairwell and sat on the stairs behind him until Kelvin returned to his room around thirty minutes later.
  - 18:00 (CNTX) Kelvin believes the deprivation cycle has started.
  - ~18:00 (CNTX) Joe passed Kelvin in the hall and didn’t acknowledge him.  Kelvin then attempted to return Joe’s cane (which was in Kelvin’s room) and Joe didn’t answer his door.  (This is a tactic used in the deprivation cycle.)
  - 20:39 (CNTX) IAAD Message Exchanges: The initial messages trigger Baby’s overwhelming intense anticipation for crystal methamphetamine (use during the encounter).  The denial (the “5 minutes away”, “transportation issue”, blocking, or a Golden Rope-related block on Kelvin’s end) instantly transitions to a state of acute deprivation.
  - 20:39 (IAAD) UpTown954 started a message exchange with Kelvin on NKP expressing an interest in hooking up and partying.  UpTown stated he was 20 minutes away and would message when he was five minutes out. The hookup was quick, easy and UpTown954 would be supplying the party supplies.  UpTown954 is not a profile Kelvin has seen before.  (IAAD Message Exchange)
  - 22:01 (IAAD) UpTown954 sent a message saying “I’m about 5 out” then blocked Kelvin’s account.  UpTown954 never showed up.  (IAAD Message Exchange)
- November 15, 2025
  - 02:22 (IAAD) MascManLooking started a message exchange with Kelvin on NKP expressing an interest in hooking up and partying.  In the last message about 10 minutes later, MascManLooking stated he was in a car accident recently and would not be ordering an Uber from Dunwoody for a joyride since Kelvin could not host after 11pm. MascManLooking is not a profile Kelvin has seen before. (IAAD Message Exchange)
  - 14:29 (IAAD) DemonTyme69 started a message exchange with Kelvin on NKP. DemonTyme69 is “smoking and lit” and would come smoke with Kelvin but is in Dunwoody with no transportation.   DemonTyme69’s profile location says Pensacola, Florida and is not a profile Kelvin has seen before. (IAAD Message Exchange)
  - 19:00 (CNTX) Kelvin takes sleeping medicines and goes to sleep.
- November 16, 2025
  - 04:02 (CNTX) Despite hours of inactivity, MascManLooking sends a message on NKP: “Hey man I am at the Budgetel located at 2001 Crestview in Doraville in Room 350. If you want to one smoke and fuck, my buddy is down.”
  - 04:40 (CNTX) Kelvin wakes and hears the sounds of operatives using microwave concealment technology (a high pitched whining sound, the “locusts”) in his room.
  - 11:00 (IAAD) SomeFun continued a message exchange with Kelvin on BBRT stating he “had some favors to share” but couldn’t meet until Tuesday or Saturday.  (IAAD Message Exchange)
- November 19, 2025
  - 05:00 (CNTX) Kelvin wakes and hears the sounds of operatives using microwave concealment technology in his room and is drooling (indicating Baby was talking).
  - ~11:00 (CNTX) Baby can direct thinking and decisions, he begins directing the thinking and decisions to orchestrate encounters per instruction.
  - ~13:00 Visited with Trap.  Beginning of visit was normal and cordial, visit ended with a $20 unfulfilled purchase.
  - ~4:30 Martin Pasamba showed up out of nowhere as I was leaving Trap’s.
  - 20:00 Joe comes over, states he is moving to the largest room at Welcome House on Thursday, something that he was anxious about during the - November 10, 2025 15:00 encounter.
  - 21:00 While I was sitting in the stairwell to get a more reliable Internet connection, Slim came down the stairs in what seemed like a choreographed walk-by.  This was after the decision was communicated that I would hang out with Wayne.
  - (CNTX) A "birthday" is something operatives manipulated Baby into believing was something it wanted.  A "birthday" means that Kelvin has died and Baby has the "birthday" without him.  
  - 11:43 (ORCH) Social encounter/Hookup with Wayne….  Perfect date/Easy connect, Wayne just wanted someone to smoke and chill, I did warn him that sometimes I cannot perform and stress makes it worse, he didn't mind at all…  When I first complained about Baby inhibiting erection Wayne said, “Baby can do what it does” and insinuated that he had no expectation of an erection… Wayne said something early on in the encounter about today being a "birthday" which is something Baby desires because it means that I'm dead so he has a birthday. Baby in “Supermodel” mode, directing the body's activities in a constant massaging of a flaccid penis that Kelvin had already determined wasn't going to become erect… Around 4am, Baby announced that since no one is telling it what to do, it will just keep Kelvin in a perpetual state of erectile dysfunction.  Penis is cold to the touch most of the encounter.  Kelvin started "Peep Show" by ServingOvahness and Baby requested that I stop the music so they could talk to it.  The house music is professionally DJ'd and impossible for operatives to pause and restart when Baby renders me unconscious without my detecting the an interruption in the music, it is one of my favorite sets and I know it very well.  Wayne started playing music beginning with the OJay's Stairway to Heaven... The overwhelming majority of the music played was by artists I've never heard of and songs I haven't heard either.  The music seemed to be some were rewarding songs for Baby and a couple seemed to be instructions for how to cause another life-threatening event. communication intended for Baby, the other music was taunting/teasing me about my "shortcomings," including one song that sampled the "Whisper Song" ("wait till you see my dick") bu Ying Yang Twins .and the entite song was telling me I didn't measure up.  Some of the music videos appeared as though they were shot in a single studio with minimal props.  Many times Kelvin attempted to educate and explain the reason for erectile dysfunction and Wayne gave no acknowledgement (a common response by operatives), however when I used Gemini to explain more about Baby it mentioned Baby's handler and manipulator Slim which caused Wayne to have a visceral reaction, no other response was observed during Gemini's text-to-speech explainimg Baby. Baby at several points appeared "stuck" waiting for feedback or instruction, and needed Wayne to say it had "done its job" by inhibiting an erection.  Wayne again mentioned it "birthday" during one of the music videos that began with a date of 8-4-81 which was intended to mean 8", 4 is a "kill yourself" command to Baby, 81 would be 9 when read the way Baby has been instructed to view numbers over 19/20.  Wayne seemed to be reporting events via text message and in a couple of lightly coded voice calls, this was observed but confirmed when  he asked for the correct spelling of "conscious" after I had explained Baby somewhat.
  - 08:15 Wayne needed items from the store, we walked to Exxon (next door to the complex) to find a radio morning show on the indoor/outdoor speaker system discussing an angel that becomes the devil and a penis problem.  This is likely the same radio stayion encountered in car rides with operatives which I believe is broadcast from a consumer transmitter similar to the kind used before Bluetooth.  The encounter ended here with Kelvin going to the bus stop to return home.
  - (IA) This was an Orchestrated Observation and Orchestrated Neutralization Operatinton both disguised as a "smoke and chill" social encounter.  Evidence of this came in the cold wind that occurred in Wayne's bedroom a couple of times and the seemingly custom made songs and music videos.   Definitelty not an IAAD orchestration.  This was the first discused encounter that had cream with no denial, Baby was provided plenty of cream and was told that he would be leaving with money which ended up beingg the equivalent amount in cream.  Given the reaction to hearing Slim's full name in the Gemini explanation and the 4am awakening by Kelvin, I believe Slim was involved with both.  Baby did actively manipulate (to diminish in appearance) the phenotype of the penis for most of the encounter.  This was pre-Nightfalls and in support of it, which is now critically imminent.  This event was foretold in at least one prophetic song by Vandaveer.
  - (CNTX) Kelvin notices the greeting on Google Gemini has changed to "Hello, Kelvin GREETING_FORMAT: Hello, Kelvin" and a banner ad for "Nano Banana Pro" (a dick joke) is displsyed above it.  PDSM had earlier drove the removal of many custom instructions used by Kelvin in Gemini.  Kelvin's use of Gemini is now being handled by a special instance which is being monitored, and responses custom made and useless.
  - 16:00 Kelvin uses Gemini to prepare the "lostOne Addendum" which contains improvementa to the lostOne document including improved plan details.
  - 22:00 Kelvin smokes a cigarette outside of Welcome House and notices dozens of new faces and routines from the typicalluy static crowd, Kelvin only recognizes one person (another Welcome House resident).  Kelvin begins loudly welcoming the newcomers calling them "federal employees" and accused them of pretending to be homeless.  No one appreciates the joke.  One of the men sitting in front of Kelvin used a mobile device with a screen designed to not be read from any other angle that displays fake output/images that the authorized user does not see, Kelvin remembers only seeing a similar device in the hands of another known CIA employee in Riverdale.  Kelvin has searched in vain for the device that protects the screen and could never locate anything like what he observed.  The man handed who was pretending to be homeless handed the secure phone to aanother pretending to be homeless and walked off after saying something.  Kelvin proceeded to discuss ongoing activity related to Nightfalls and hypothecized that everyone around the Welcome House and pretending to be just hanging out in the area was from the "DMV" (DC-Maryland-Virginia), no one seemed to think DDS they were more stunned that I was using their nomenclature.  Kelvin noticed an aircraft making the same path over the Welcome House repeatedly, and asked the crowd if they always need air support.  Although pointing at the aircraft no one bothered to look up, they all seemed to know exactly what I was talking about and gave me the CIA's "trsined silence" (something often observed when discussing certain matters or events).  I mentioned my day's activities including the Addendum and speculated that's what attracted everyond to Atlanta and to surround the Welcome House that night.  They may not have understood the Addendum, but it seemed they recognized me and I don't recall using my name,
- November 21, 2025
  - (CNTX) The Creator sidelined Baby from its subconscious duties for the body of Kelvin Eugene Williams starting around 9am.  This is due to the Orchestrated Observation with Wayne, planned "birthday" and another Orchestrated Observation before Nightfalls.
  - (CNTX) Kelvin overheard operatives discussing "birthday" plans involving his suicide.
  - (CNTX) The Creator either restored parts of Kelvin's body that have been modified by Baby or allowed the body's processes to resume normal (DNA) operations.  Kelvin is packing again and Kelvin sought permission from the Creator repeatedly to expose himself to several key people.
  - 14:00 Joe came to Kelvin's room and after seeing Kelvin immediately made a "9" comment to Baby.  This comment means that Kelvin is show too much penis and Baby would normally diminish the phenotype.  Joe also tried to get Baby's attention that Kelvin recognized and ignored.
  - 16:00 Kelvin invited Joe over to smoke a bowl, while smoking Kelvin began to massage himaelf and become engorged, Kelvin made sure that Joe couldn't miss it.  Kelvin escalated and began masturbating.  Joe said he wasn't bothered but abruptly left Kelvin's room.  The restored penis is at least 7" flaccid.
  - 16:30 Kelvin went to Joe's room and explained that he needed Joe to "see my dick" because of a variety of reasons with people discussing his dick.  Kelvin did not try then for some reason but told Joe he would need to it today.
  - 20:00 N.O. paid a visit to Kelvin's room and repeatedly tried to get Baby calling her "white girl that lives upstairs," he later talked about "white girl that lives upstairs" with an unknown person while upstairs when Kelvin was in the stairwell.
  - 20:29 DyckWryte contacted Kelvin on BBRT trying to setup a "smoke and chill."  After much back and forth (nothing about sex) it was agreed that Kelvin would travel to his house in Bankhead.  DyckWryte paid for MARTA.  After checking schedules Kelvin cancelled because he was cutting it too close and it felt like another Orchestrated Observation.
- November 22, 2025
  - 12:00 Joe came to Kelvin's room after being summoned by Kelvin, Kelvin was attempting again to show Joe his fully erect penis,  Kelvin was wearing his boxer briefs and Joe turned to the mirror and said in a frustrated manner "Gonna have to cut this off."  Kelvin assumed, the Creator confirmed, Joe was talking about Kelvin's penis.
  - (CNTX) Kelvin made these late-night commits because of Prince's "Thieves in the Temple."  The song is Baby begging the Creator for help, the "temple" in Revelation 11 refera to the body of Kelvin Eugene Williams who along with Baby are the two witnesses, the thieves would be stealing or damaging the penis to prevent another restoration prior to the execution of Nightfalls since the size of the penis on the body of Kelvin Eugene Williams is the core component of a flawed litmus test to guage the status of the Creator's intervention.  The Ladder of Deceit was developed when the conscious mind of Kelvin Eugene Williams was one of the Creator's two servants prior to Baby assuming the role of the conscious mind.  There has been concern about Baby's physical well being in the first days after the Creator's Divide specifically the penis because of the Ladder of Deceit.
  - 9:30 while sitting in Starbucks (next to Flex on Georgia Tech campus) a woman who appeared with a tray and two small cups of water asked Kelvin if he wanted a water, he said sure.  When drinking the water Kelvin felt an odd sensation as he swallowed the water, it repeated with the next sip and Keovin threw out the water on the sidewalk. Upon reading the labbel Kelvin noticed several oddities, in permanent marker was written "Enjoy."  The drink's printed label begins "Thank You" followed by (new line) "TI Cup of Water" the "TI" reminded Kelvin of "Targeted Individual" which many operatives have used that term in Kelvin's presence before, "Item: 2 of 15" "Total: 15" the printed date and time are 9:26 AM on 20-Nov-2035.  Kelvin has a habit of wishing TomTom and his moother a happy birthday whenever he sees the clock at 9:23 or 9:26 respectively, this is by design which Kelvinn usually tells anyone within earshot.  The water was placed on the table around 9:30 on November 22, 2025 and there was ice cubes in it.
  - 10:30 as Kelvin was walking through Midtown he encountered more individuals whom he either knew as operativds or employees of the CIA or their behavior towards him was like that of an operative.
  - (CNTX) Baby has been activated to engage in another attempt on the life of their shared body and is anticipating its "birthday," Slim has made his presence known which is pressuring Baby to act out against the shared body carrying out instructions received by operatives.  Baby does not equate hsrm it does to the shared body as a risk to its own life or its body, only as a potential risk to Kelvin.  The operatives do ofuscate and lie to Baby in an effort to have it continue its efforts which are intended to end their life.  Operatives have repeatedly used the term "suicide" in relation to Baby's "birthday" but Baby knows it would never commit suicide as it engages in new thinking that is nothing like suicide buts its effects on the body are lethal.
- November 23, 2025
  - 04:42 Slim and Joe engage in direct subconscious mind communication for the purpose of guiding Baby’s thought processes to initiate physiological functions to cause death.
  - 07:30 Joe knocks on Kelvin’s door and asks for cigarette butts.  
- November 24, 2025
  - 00:00-06:00 Someone knocked on the door very loudly, Kelvin did not answer.  The locusts were heard.  Kelvin had a dream about human knowledge locked away in the pyramids (seemed to be a guided dream) and woke up drooling.
  - 15:00 An investigator with the District Attorney's office served the subpoena requiring Kelvin to testify in the murder case at Welcome House.
- November 25, 2025
  - 10:00 Baby inhibited walking and demanding that Kelvin not testify.
  - 12:00 Baby continues inhibiting walking.
- December 1, 2025
  - (CNTX) Kelvin believes Joe moved to unit 108 within the last week.
